November release notes (#172)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: release-notes/november-2019.md

# ShiftLeft November 2019 Updates

**Ability to be a Member of Multiple Organizations**. ShiftLeft users can now be a member of multiple ShiftLeft organizations.

## ShiftLeft Ocular

> **[License, Install and Update via Subscription (Beta)](../using-ocular/getting-started/installation.md)**. You can now download ShiftLeft Ocular via subscription, making it easier to add new users to, and update, ShiftLeft Ocular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[License, Install and Update via Subscription (Beta)](../using-ocular/getting-started/installation.md)**. You can now run ShiftLeft Ocular via the ShiftLeft CLI, making it easier to add new users to, and update, ShiftLeft Ocular.
```

Author: Fixed in Release Notes. Should I also change the language in the Ocular Installation article from "subscription" to "CLI"? https://github.com/ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation/blob/nov-release-notes/using-ocular/getting-started/installation.md

Reviewer: yes, please

Author: Done

**New Language Support**. ShiftLeft Ocular now supports the examination and investigation of applications written in the following languages:

* [Golang](../languages/golang.md)

* [LLVM (Beta)](../languages/llvm.md) 

## ShiftLeft Inspect

> **[Golang Support](../languages/golang.md)**. ShiftLeft Inspect now supports the analysis of applications written in Golang.

Reviewer: We should mark this as "early preview".

Author: Done
